Proposal to re-enable cross-platform signed NuGet package verification (technical details) (#246)
dotnet/designs: accepted/2021/signed-package-verification/re-enable-signed-package-verification-technical.md

# Re-enabling Cross-Platform NuGet Signed Package Verification Technical Specification

Owners:  [Damon Tivel](https://github.com/dtivel), [Richard Lander](https://github.com/richlander)

> This document specifies the technical details to [re-enable cross-platform NuGet signed package verification](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/pull/245).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document specifies the technical details to [re-enable cross-platform NuGet signed package verification](re-enable-signed-package-verification.md).
```
